\*\* Which Player from the Sharp-shooting Golden State Warriors is truly the greatest scorer?\*\*
=================================================================================================

The golden state Warriors have seemed to stay at the top of the NBA
scoring leaderboards for ages. This current quality of play was not
always what Golden State was known for. The team had been going through
a talent "lull" of sorts, until they picked up a young point guard from
Davidson College in North Carolina. That young point guard had rose to
fame during the NCAA tournament where, despite his tiny size, he was
able to play brilliantly bringing the little known school, davidson, far
into the tournament. Ultimately, Davidson lost, but, as a product of
Davidson's amazing run, that player, Stephen Curry, cemented himself
into basketball history. During that time in the tournament, as well as
during the rest of his collegiate play, Curry gained a reputation for
being an ace at threes and so for this reason he was a natural pick for
the Warriors. As soon as Curry began playing for the warriors, a cult of
personality formed around him. He gained even more popularity in the
basketball sphere by showcasing his three-point shooting talents against
some of the best NBA players ever. In playing like he did, he showed
that everything he was able to accomplish in the NCAA was no fluke and
that rather he was the real deal. With all of these accolades that Curry
has, it is easy to forget that the Golden State Warrior are also a team
of plenty of future Hall of famers. Another player that rose to fame
during his NCAA years is Kevin Durant. Kevin Durant was most definitely
the most well known of all of the current Golden State team member,
throughout his college years at least. Kevin Durant was one of the top
picks out of the draft because of his amazing displays of talent while
he was at texas, when he got picked up by the seattle supersonics.
Unlike Curry, Durant was constantly playing against top twenty five NCAA
schools, which made for especially difficult quality of play. But, just
because Durant spent his time playing "tougher team does not mean that
Durant is the best player on the Warriors either. The Golden State
Warriors' roster is flat out loaded. They have Draymond Green, the three
time All-star and four time All-defensive team. And they've got Klay
thompson, the virtually unknown college player who has now ascended to
basketball royalty, as well as Andre Iguodala, the seasoned veteran
holding his own against a team of youthful All- stars. It's clear that
the Golden State Warriors have an incredible team, but, it is not clear
who of it's players makes it the most incredible. Much of the Warriors'
power comes from its impressive offensive skills. And the players listed
above are all very offensively talented in their own right. But,
ultimately, which of these players contributes the most to the team to
make it so great. And better yet how should these contributions be
ranked. It is questions like these that will help answer the question,
which of these Golden State Warriors are the greatest scorer.

\*\* At First Glance\*\* <img src="C:/Users/colin/Desktop/poo.png" width="80%" style="display: block; margin: auto;" />
=======================================================================================================================

Looking at this set of shot charts, it is easy to tell that some player
are more willing to take shots than others are. Clearly, Stephen Curry,
unsurprisingly, is the most willing shooter. What is impressive about
Curry's chart, is that for someone that is seen as an "outside the arc"
kind of scorer, he has a lot of takes (including a fair amount of makes)
inside the arc; even inside the key. But, even in true Curry fashion,
his short chart still displays that he has the tendency to take far off
shots. His chart shows he's dynamic, but can still let his quick
shooting mentality get the best of him. Klay's chart shows that he
definitely takes far less shots than does Curry, but, much like Curry's
chart, Klay's shows that he also tends to take a lot of three pointers.
Another thing that is different about Klay's is that his shot attempts
are definitely more evenly dispersed than Curry's. For someone who is
seen as a three point shooter, Klay also displays, through his shooting
trends, that he shoots all over the place, possibly indicating the
ability to recognize an open shot.
